If we're not meant to have midnight snacks, why is there a light in the fridge?
If you were born on June 9th, 2000, you'll be 69 on June 9th 2019 (6/9/69).
"Verb" is a noun.
No matter how weird your dream is, they seem completely normal when you're in them. You could be in a forest riding a giant flamingo and it would still be normal.
If ceiling fan blades could hold my body weight, I'd never be bored again.
At the age of 60, Snoop Dog will be 420 in dog years.
Nowadays, it's easier to get a good internet connection than a good human connection.
People today actually do more reading than any other generation in human history, thanks to phones and the internet.
Home is where it smells like nothing.
For a procasinator, deadlines are both the most stressful, and the most helpful thing in life.
Every time someone sets a World Record, the world sets a World Record for number of World Records recorded.
A teacher always tell you that getting 7+ hours of sleep is important, then they give you assignments that keeps you up for the next 5 nights.
The only people who think a car playing loud music is cool are the people in the car.
You never go through a door, you go around the door.
The biggest lie you tell yourselves is "I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it".
When you're alone as an extrovert, you're by yourself, but when you're alone as an introvert you're with yourself.
If you were born in 1999 and live until you're 101 years old, you'll have lived in three different centuries and two millennias.
What do you do when you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant?
Music is just wiggly air.
All tests should be open bookm it's not like your future boss will say "I need those tax returns finished by noon, but don't look at any of the financial statements. Do it all from memory".
Laughter is the best medicine. But, if you're laughing without any reason, you need medicine.
After you give advice, always end your sentences with "idk though" so they can never say that you ruined their life.
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected the expected?
CHeese has holes, "More cheese = more holes" "More holes = less cheese" "More cheese = less cheese".
Are oranges called oranges because oranges are orange or is orange called orange because oranges are orange?
Whoever decided that light switches outside of the bathroom was a good idea, probably never had any siblings.
Banging your head against a wall for an hour burns 150 calories.
When hippos are upset, their sweat turns red.
If you lift a kangaroo's tail off the ground, it can't hop.
Cherophobia is the fear of fun.
The 29th of May is officially "Put a pillow on your fridge day".
